here's what I do for anime shoulders you
need two things to accomplish this skill
to gain access to the range of motion
you just need any kind of pull that you
can grab like this and then pull it to
get your arm into deep external rotation
without pain hold for 30 seconds then
with that Newfound range of motion you
need to build strength all you need is a
wall preferably one that doesn't look so
dirty start with your shoulder and your
elbow fully attached to the wall peel
your fist Off the Wall without your
shoulder lifting hold for 30 seconds
some cramping is normal if you superset
that with this you're going to be
building your anime shoulders I don't
know about you but building strength in
the greatest range of motion possible
seems like a really good skill to have
stay flexy